0.4.0 (#121)
MetaMask/snap-account-abstraction-keyring: packages/site/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.4.0]

> ### Added
> 
> - Added localhost to ChainConfig ([#120](https://github.com/MetaMask/snap-account-abstraction-keyring/pull/120))
> 

Reviewer: Not sure I got the whole context of that PR, but maybe something like this might be better, WDYT?

(I might have missed the order, so you will have to run `prettier` probably)

```suggestion
### Changed

- Better user feedback if selected chain ID is not correct ([#120](https://github.com/MetaMask/snap-account-abstraction-keyring/pull/120))
  - It nows display a red border in case of error

### Fixed

- Fixed issues with test IDs, context usage and state ([#120](https://github.com/MetaMask/snap-account-abstraction-keyring/pull/120))

```

## [Unreleased]

## [0.4.0]

### Changed

- Better user feedback if selected chain ID is not correct ([#120](https://github.com/MetaMask/snap-account-abstraction-keyring/pull/120))

>   - It nows display a red border in case of error

Reviewer: Fixing my own suggestion 🙈
```suggestion
  - It now displays a red border in case of error
```
